Our sentence is you can legally drive
only
if you are older than 11 Consulting
our game of abbreviation we see that
you can legally drive is p you
are older than 11 is Q so
our sentence is p only if Q
As the reading explained
Only f
In English is a consequent marker so so
far we've been looking at sentences
where if
marks the sentence that comes right
after it
as the antecedent but only does the
opposite
of that it marks the sentence that
comes right after it as the consequent
And so that means that you should
be the consequence of this conditional
which
means that pee which is unmarked must
be the antecedent so only if
The be replaced with the arrow having p
as the antecedent and you as the
consequence since Q was marked as
consequent